chore(docs): Adding Docker configs (#984)
questdb/questdb.io: docs/guides/importing-data.md

<p>

Please set `cairo.sql.copy.root` setting, restart instance and try again.

> If you are running QuestDB using Docker, this means that the environment flag `QDB_CAIRO_SQL_COPY_ROOT` is not set.

Reviewer: Do we really need this sentence? What does it give to the user?

Also, "environment flag" should be "environment variable".

Author: Given that `QDB_CAIRO_SQL_COPY_ROOT` is the Docker counterpart and you can use `cairo.sql.copy.root` via Docker too, I think the Configuration section is clear enough.

  <summary>I'm getting "[2] could not open read-only [file=C:\path\to\import.csv]" error message</summary>
<p>

Please check that import file path is valid and accessible to QuestDB instance users.

> If you are running QuestDB using Docker, please check if the directory mounted for storing source CSV file is identical to the one `QDB_CAIRO_SQL_COPY_ROOT` points to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running QuestDB using Docker, please check if the directory mounted for storing source CSV files is identical to the one `cairo.sql.copy.root` property or `QDB_CAIRO_SQL_COPY_ROOT` environment variable points to.
```

For example, the following command can start a QuestDB instance:

```shell
docker run -p 9000:9000 \
-v "/tmp/questdb:/var/lib/questdb" \  
-v "/tmp/questdb/my_input_root:/tmp/questdb_import" \
-e QDB_CAIRO_SQL_COPY_ROOT=/tmp/questdb_wrong \
questdb/questdb
```

> However, running `COPY` results in the "[2] could not open read-only [file=C:\path\to\import.csv]" error message.

Reviewer: Mounted volumes suggest Linux/MacOS being in use while the error message points to Windows and has a different path. This is confusing and we should fix the path in both error messages.

Author: I will use a generic path instead.
